docs(preset-mini): theme usage docs (#1214)
unocss/unocss: packages/preset-mini/README.md

}
```

### Theme
You can fully customize your theme configuration, and UnoCSS will eventually deeply merge user configuration and default configuration.

```ts
presetMini({
  theme: {
    // ...
    colors: {
      primary: '#ff0000',
    },
  },
})
```

> Notably, unless `breakpoint` properties. UnoCSS gives `breakpoint` control to the user, you need to fully customize the `breakpoint` properties that you want to use. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One exception is that UnoCSS gives full control of `breakpoints` to users. When a custom `breakpoints` is provided, the default will be overridden instead of merging. For example:
```
